README.md, before:

# Backpack iOS

> Backpack is a collection of design resources, reusable components and guidelines for creating Skyscanner's products.

[![CI Status](https://github.com/Skyscanner/backpack-ios/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Skyscanner/backpack-ios/actions)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/Backpack.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Backpack)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/Backpack.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Backpack)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/Backpack.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Backpack)


## Installation

Backpack is available through [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org). To install
all of it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'Backpack'
```

## Documentation

To learn more about the available Backpack components on iOS head over the [Backpack documentation site](https://backpack.github.io/) or check out the [reference documentation](https://backpack.github.io/ios).

## Contributing to Backpack

Please see the [Contributing guide][0] for instructions on contributing to this project.

## Our Principles

We follow a set of principles that are stated in the [Backpack documentation site](https://backpack.github.io/using/principles)

## License

Backpack is available under the Apache 2.0 license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

[0]: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contact
- backpack@skyscanner.net

Commit message:

Update README.md (#1336)
* Update the README file to reflect the pods we support currently

* Add heading to the version table

README.md, after:

# Backpack iOS

> Backpack is a collection of design resources, reusable components and guidelines for creating Skyscanner's products.

[![release](https://github.com/Skyscanner/backpack-ios/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Skyscanner/backpack-ios/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![main](https://github.com/Skyscanner/backpack-ios/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Skyscanner/backpack-ios/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/Backpack.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Backpack)
[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/Backpack.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Backpack)

| Pod | Version |
| --- | --- |
| Backpack-Common | [![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/Backpack-Common.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Backpack-Common) |
| Backpack | [![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/Backpack.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Backpack) |
| Backpack-SwiftUI | [![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/Backpack-SwiftUI.svg?style=flat)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/Backpack-SwiftUI) |



## Installation

Backpack is available through [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org). To install
all of it, simply add the following line to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'Backpack'
```

Backpack is also available for SwiftUI. To install, simply add the following line to your Podfile:
> Backpack-SwiftUI is currently in development and supports a subset of components only.
```ruby
pod 'Backpack-SwiftUI'
```

## Documentation

To learn more about the available Backpack components on iOS head over the [Backpack documentation site](https://backpack.github.io/) or check out the [reference documentation](https://backpack.github.io/ios).

## Contributing to Backpack

Please see the [Contributing guide][0] for instructions on contributing to this project.

## Our Principles

We follow a set of principles that are stated in the [Backpack documentation site](https://backpack.github.io/using/principles)

## License

Backpack is available under the Apache 2.0 license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

[0]: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contact
- backpack@skyscanner.net
