Backpack/HorizontalNavigation/README.md, before:

# Backpack/HorizontalNavigation

## Usage

`BPKHorizontalNavigation`/`Backpack.HorizontalNavigation` is a component similar to [Segmented Control](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/controls/segmented-controls/). It shows two or more segments, each being a distinct option for travellers to switch between. Each option is defined with a string, and optionally a `BPKIcon` name too.

### Objective-C

```objective-c
#import <Backpack/HorizontalNavigation.h>

NSArray<BPKHorizontalNavigationOption *> *options = @[
                                                      [[BPKHorizontalNavigationOption alloc] initWithName:@"Flights" tag:0],
                                                      [[BPKHorizontalNavigationOption alloc] initWithName:@"Hotels" tag:1],
                                                      [[BPKHorizontalNavigationOption alloc] initWithName:@"Car hire" tag:2]
                                                      ];
BPKHorizontalNavigation *horizontalNavigation = [[BPKHorizontalNavigation alloc] initWithOptions:options selected:0];
horizontalNavigation.showsSelectedBar = YES;
horizontalNavigation.size = BPKHorizontalNavigationSizeLarge;
```

### Swift

```swift
import Backpack

let options = [
    BPKHorizontalNavigationOption(name: "Flights", iconName: .flight, tag:0),
    BPKHorizontalNavigationOption(name: "Hotels", iconName: .hotels, tag:1),
    BPKHorizontalNavigationOption(name: "Car hire", iconName: .cars, tag:2)
]
let horizontalNavigation = Backpack.HorizontalNavigation(options: options, selected:0)
horizontalNavigation.showsSelectedBar = false
```

### Appearance attributes
`(UIColor)contentColor`

Commit message:

[BPK-3747] Support custom items in horizontal nav
In order to allow custom items to be used in Horizontal Navigation the
API has been evolved. The existing style is still preferred and
available in the same way however custom items can now be used.

Backpack/HorizontalNavigation/README.md, after:

# Backpack/HorizontalNavigation

## Usage

`BPKHorizontalNavigation`/`Backpack.HorizontalNavigation` is a component similar to [Segmented Control](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/controls/segmented-controls/). It shows two or more segments, each being a distinct option for travellers to switch between. Each option is defined with a string, and optionally a `BPKIcon` name too.

### Objective-C

```objective-c
#import <Backpack/HorizontalNavigation.h>

NSArray<BPKHorizontalNavigationOption *> *options = @[
                                                      [[BPKHorizontalNavigationOption alloc] initWithName:@"Flights" tag:0],
                                                      [[BPKHorizontalNavigationOption alloc] initWithName:@"Hotels" tag:1],
                                                      [[BPKHorizontalNavigationOption alloc] initWithName:@"Car hire" tag:2]
                                                      ];
BPKHorizontalNavigation *horizontalNavigation = [[BPKHorizontalNavigation alloc] initWithOptions:options selected:0];
horizontalNavigation.showsSelectedBar = YES;
horizontalNavigation.size = BPKHorizontalNavigationSizeLarge;
```

### Swift

```swift
import Backpack

let options = [
    BPKHorizontalNavigationOption(name: "Flights", iconName: .flight, tag:0),
    BPKHorizontalNavigationOption(name: "Hotels", iconName: .hotels, tag:1),
    BPKHorizontalNavigationOption(name: "Car hire", iconName: .cars, tag:2)
]
let horizontalNavigation = Backpack.HorizontalNavigation(options: options, selected:0)
horizontalNavigation.showsSelectedBar = false
```

## Custom Horizontal Navigation Segments

Horizontal Navigation can use custom segments. To achieve this, implement a custom type that conforms to `BPKHorizontalNavigationOptionType` and return your own view (a subclass of `UIControl` that implements the protocol `BPKHorizontalNavigationItem`) for `makeItem`. Ensure the height of your view is similar to that of those rendered when `BPKHorizontalNavigationOption` is used directly for all the sizes that the component supports.

### Appearance attributes
`(UIColor)contentColor`
